Close changelog for 7.7.1 (#18800)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-7.7.1]]
=== Beats version 7.7.1
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v7.7.0...v7.7.1[View commits]

==== Bugfixes

*Affecting all Beats*

- Fix `keystore add` hanging under Windows. {issue}18649[18649] {pull}18654[18654]

*Filebeat*

- Unescape file name from SQS message. {pull}18370[18370]
- Improve cisco asa and ftd pipelines' failure handler to avoid mapping temporary fields. {issue}18391[18391] {pull}18392[18392]

> - Fix source.address not being set for nginx ingress_controller {pull}18511[18511]

Reviewer: I see the format `foo.bar` in some other entries, not sure if that should be also applied in this case:

```suggestion
- Fix `source.address` not being set for nginx ingress_controller {pull}18511[18511]
```

- Fix `googlecloud.audit` pipeline to only take in fields that are explicitly defined by the dataset. {issue}18465[18465] {pull}18472[18472]
- Fix a rate limit related issue in httpjson input for Okta module. {issue}18530[18530] {pull}18534[18534]

> - Fixed ingestion of some Cisco ASA and FTD messages when a hostname was used instead of an IP for NAT fields. {issue}14034[14034] {pull}18376[18376]

Reviewer: Other entries use don't use the participle, not sure if the below could an option to normalise it:

```suggestion
- Fix the ingestion of some Cisco ASA and FTD messages when a hostname was used instead of an IP for NAT fields. {issue}14034[14034] {pull}18376[18376]
```
